**Irica** is a land that represents two things: the potential for human ingenuity and ambition to create marvels the world has never seen, and the possibility for that ambition to tear down the progress of society into a state that is almost unrecognizable. The Irican landmass was once unified under a single royal family until the treachery of the [[Church of the Infinite]] took the life of the **Queen** and set its **King** on a warpath to eradicate those who had destroyed his family. However, hope was not lost - the **King's three children** had survived the ordeal and were raised in his image to continue the work of creating a new land that is free from the scourge of a clergy that does not represent the will of the people. Upon the King's death, there were skirmishes between his children over who had inherited his divine right to rule over Irica. This [[Civil War]] led to the establishment of a [[Triarchy]], the land was divided evenly between the three siblings and resources were divided among similar lines. To the first sibling went the fertile fields, rolling hills, and dense forests of [[Ostana]]. To the second, the southern territory of [[Marelia]], along with its white sand beaches and its easily accessible coastline which held the key to the rest of the world and its riches. Finally, the third of the triplets received the territory of [[Nobria]] - its vast territory and jagged peaks which house riches that set their royal family line on their track to their station as it stands today.

However, the descendants of these three [[Royal Governors]] were never quite satisfied with their lot in life. They sought the riches of their neighbors and many wars broke out over the ensuing centuries, diminishing the fighting power and resources of the triarchy. It wasn't until their ancestral home was taken from them by [[Goblin]] forces that the three nations realized the disorder their constant squabbling had sown within their once united nation. The Triarchy joined forces in order to combat this new menace and were victorious - but at great cost. The city which had housed their noble lineage was reduced to ruin, with a blight spreading from deep within the heart of the capital into the surrounding land. In present day, the alliance of the triarchy remains in a fragile state. Several generations have passed since the [[Goblin Wars]] and the leaders of Irica are beginning to forget the misguided nature of their ancestor's actions. Tensions are rising between the three territories. The Nobles play their games of vanity with each other at the expense of the commonfolk while they cling to their way of life with their dying breath. This is a land that is ripe for either great change, or a further descent into the ways of the past - only time will tell what may decide the fate of this once great continent.